---
title: 2021 April W4
categories:
- Blog
excerpt: Chunk Loading/Blog
feature_text:
feature_image: "https://picsum.photos/2560/600?image=733"
image: "https://picsum.photos/2560/600?image=733"


---

I'm struggling with my life pattern. You'll get a good night's sleep tonight!

# Optimize chunking
"Chunk" is a technique frequently used in games such as terraria, where not all tiles are not drawn. It is a method of drawing only "chunk" that is shown on camera by dividing maps into certain sizes. It's Minecraft terminology I guess. I had to implement something similar to make the render  cheaper.

Originally, each chunk was going to hold all the block/object data, but it didn't seem like a good way, so I just set up a separate list of all objects and made a "pointer" to that index.

Reguarding objects larger than 1*1, object can span multiple chunks.  It's ambiguous which chunk to be added, even after that, the block should be registered in other chunk, so I decided to do this.

How to place blocks on chunks

* If each chunk is 32*32,  coordinate (0–31, 0-31) belongs to (0,0) chunk.
* Calculate which chunk this block covers.(I tried to calculate it as a AABB collison, but it was just a simple calculation.)
* Calculates AABB collison with all objects registered in the chunk over which this block hangs.
  * If any collision exists, you can't place block!
  * Blocks can be placed if none is caught
* If this block can be "placed" and there are no other problems, add it to the pool of all objects and "register" it to the chunk system.
  "register" the object to all chunks it hangs.
  I know I'm talking bullshit, but if you want to know more, DM me.





# English Blog/Sponsorship Page/Twitter
This is the blog.

I'm planning to update it on Friday, but I think I'll post Korean version first, then translate.

Made with GitHub page and DNS for virtually free.

I made a sponsorship page and Twitter. I think I'll keep updating it with blog link with a summary.

First of all, I think the most urgent thing is to write a project plan/blueprint and post it on a blog.

